Hey, big sister, big sister
Sign it, sister, I have endured you for a long time
Left sentence big sister right sentence big sister
Am I old? No, that's not what I mean, ma'am.
Not the eldest sister
This is the company's policy. You have to sign it. Get out of the way
I'll stop me again. Did you sign my complaint?
Sign and we'll go
Can we go?
Excuse me, ma'am.
Hey, you're the eldest sister
Your whole family is eldest sister
Will I stop him?
When is it your turn to point fingers?
Listen to me
If you want to stay here
Don't be so opinionated
Remember the big things
I have the final say
Do you understand?
If you can't do it
I don't mind having another baby
Are they coaxing sisters?